no one knows why scamp can detect death
but there are all sorts of theories from
the scientific to the psychic
self-styled pet communicator
Agnes Thomas has her own unique approach
is it okay if I talk with you skimped
says yes scam tell me what your job is
here
you're the Oversoul of these people okay
what is it you experienced when the
patient isn't feeling good what is sin
that sensation to my body it's an
anxiety okay more like scared okay it's
like compassion it's like I feel your
pain when you're sick it hurts me too
but for him it's much more intense it
actually feels like his body is the one
that's suffering how do you feel about
telling me this he says this is deeply
personal but it is his job
scamp's vet as a more practical
explanation for his remarkable skill I
don't think that he has a special
ability I don't believe that animals can
be psychic ESP things along those lines
my first impression was maybe some kind
of a scent that they're picking up on
but the question what is that scent and
why is he pursuing it why does that Sen
attract him to these people one of
America's leading pet behavior
specialists dr. Bob Andres Co has come
to look for some answers first he wants
to find out how scamp picks up signs of
an imminent death he's been like in a
dead sleep under the nurse's station and
he's woken up ran down the hall really
and barked in a room and the nurses
weren't even aware that someone was do
so he can sense this from quite a
distance well right oh and it happened
at this nurse's station all the way down
the hall and it was like early in the
morning and the nightshift nurse said it
scared her because she couldn't ferret
what's going on so she went down the
hall and found this lady wasn't doing
well she died about 10 minutes later he
knows it seems and I'm embarrassed to
say kind of he seems to know before we
do you know he's he's definitely sensing
something internally going on with these
people
it's scamp able to sense something that
no human can a dogs sense of smell is
far superior to a human's up to 100,000
times more powerful
they have between 100 and 250 million
sensory nerve cells inside their noses
covering an area the size of a large
handkerchief this means they can detect
smells in a range we would never notice
this incredible natural ability is put
to good use to sniff out explosives
drugs and people buried alive Bob and
risco is keen to know if scamp may be
using the same natural ability to detect
a type of chemical called a pheromone
Airman's are the result of our thoughts
and our feelings when we think a thought
such as I love you or you have a feeling
such as I'm afraid of gods our body
releases chemicals they release hormones
that literally change our body odor